hey guys John V from phone ringing here
you're watching our video review of the
Kingston MobileLite Wireless g2 this is
actually the successor to last year's
model the MobileLite Wireless G one and
this time around Kingston is able to
pack in several new features that
increases its overall value now before
we get into all that let's talk about
the design here of the unit now it's
boxy u rectangular and doesn't really
change up all that much it's made of
plastic a matte finish and it's a little
bit hollow no fairness the design is
rather boring and uninspiring but then
again it's not really the focal aspect
of the unit the white bezel trim around
the unit is home to all the ports and
buttons so you have the power button
here first you press it down wants it
lights up the corresponding LED to
indicate how much is juice is left and
if you hold it down its gonna actually
turn on the Wi-Fi connectivity the
microUSB port is just there to charge
the device it comes included with the
cable in being a versatile wireless
reader it also features a full-size USB
port and also an SD card so finally this
year's model also packs so long and
Ethernet ports so it turns this unit
into a portable router as well in order
to establish the connection initially
you have to use a direct Wi-Fi
connection so the unit itself is
emitting its own hotspot you just
connect to it directly and you also have
to download the free mobile light
application it's available for Android
and iOS devices
literally the app is rather boring they
really need to spice it up just because
it's too much of a file manager type
system of course you could view all the
relevant information pertaining to of
the MobileLite Wireless g2 for example
you could see it's the battery capacity
of the firmware and you can even
configure it so you can work with an
existing Wi-Fi connection so you could
continue having a data connection on
your device despite the fact it being
connected to it directly at the same
time if you have one those mobile 3G
dongles those USB sticks you can also
configure the unit to work with it which
is pretty neat and something you don't
tend to find out there
it's all you do next just pop in your SD
card or your flash drive into the unit
and you can use the application to view
all that content so it breaks it down
you could view it by pictures here you
have also videos and you also have music
thanks to the Wi-Fi connection we could
view all the content very quickly so
here we have all the photos and you can
see we could quickly change and go in
and out of all the different photos so
it's pretty fast the same thing applies
to streaming video it's very quick so
what we have here is a movie stored on
an SD card and right now we are
streaming it with very minimal lag or
stutter it also works well when it comes
to streaming music so rather than
storing all that on your phone you can
put them on an SD card and then from
there you could stream it directly from
the MobileLite Wireless g2 in addition
to streaming content from the MobileLite
Wireless g2 we could actually copy this
content from our smart phone to it so
for example if we want to copy over some
photos we could do that but our only
complaint is that you could only select
one thing at a time the other useful
part about it is edit it's also a
battery backup so if you have your
charging cable on hand you connect one
side to your phone the other one to the
unit and from here it automatically will
start recharging the device and in fact
in our testing we managed to get double
the battery life actually two full
charges out of the MobileLite Wireless
g2 frankly there's a lot that this thing
could do and we equate it to being a
Swiss Army knife for tech gadgets it has
a lot of things going for it and it's
quite versatile frankly this is more
than your typical wireless reader it's
also a great battery backup device and
also portable router so again it just
shows that as a lot of value the girl
has picked up one of those ëifí cards if
you really want to quickly transfer
photos and videos to your smartphone but
the Kingston MobileLite Wireless g2 gets
the job done and does more at under $60